good afternoon morning evening or night
ladies and gentlemen my name is Alex in
this episode subject comes in from my
cohort here the are in jar and introduce
yourself then ruben lets me closer to
the mic you do know you're doing a James
C look at my look at my look at my audio
levels then look at yours you said two
fifths too ok 11 fist Ruben one fish
Ruben so I I'm gonna title this video
something like we need your help again
not I need you help we need your help
because we need your help again ok so
jar isn't just me ok I'm the host I'm
the one everyone likes I'm the one
everyone cares about but i'm not i'm not
the one if this is jar ok this is jay AR
it stands for something as meaning we're
not going to tell you what the J stands
for it's a secret what the meaning is
its complex it's it took us years to
devise and it's got a lot to it but the
fact of the matter is there's an orange
r and r is really they remember you from
really bad videos oh we did a really
long time ago that you won't know about
because it's and you never will know
about them and unless i get so like a
million subscribers and then do one of
those videos that every youtuber does
where it's like me watching my old
videos and they do have the video of
them like cringing too and good Oh what
was I thinking your business yeah I'm
gonna do that I'm not gonna do I'm not
gonna fuckin reach a million subscribers
Oh get wrecked it's probably true I mean
no fashions can't do I certainly can't
he probably we got sidetracked here oh
that's really put in perspective
actually yes you're never gonna do that
my actions will do I'm sure but anyway
we're sidetracked here like you're
making fun of me doing all these
gestures with my hands because that's
what you don't know about this because
I'm recording the audio here and
obviously you can't see me you're just
seeing some random game I decided to put
in at the last second but I do the whole
thing of Mike the business of my hands a
lot yeah I just have your your clammy
left hand in my face it's not famiiy
look at it that looks cloudy okay maybe
it does that look at my head works okay
wonderful okay the whole point of this
all right there was a point there is a
point to this okay might might that I'm
worried about the audio levels here cuz
mind away louder than yours yeah but I
don't get it
we did the thing so it'd be fine Reuben
he what I'm the one doing all the videos
a moment ok I like basic human decency
he likes human decency and a whole bunch
of other things and what he wants to do
is he wants to actually start adding to
the channel and we don't know what to do
what we supposed to do everybody need
your help ok that's we really need your
help you slew of insults that's it she's
gonna be super insults kill him kill him
just let me get rid of the jaw the are
and jealous it's just jack yeah i get
rid the jay is also it's just aa aa
media a media that's not really gonna ki
got a word a single letter tiny to even
close so you just need idea what do you
want to say okay because we have that I
i I'm pretty consistent with the things
I can do but he needs to learn some
skills he needs to learn how to edit
videos he used to learn i can do that a
little bit i also need to pass a levels
that's super and now that's a thing as
well there yeah we just need some some
sort of idea some input from the
community do you want to just see the
same thing that we're doing now but with
Rubens perspective instead of mine do
you want to see something new something
else why was that so loud just then why
is that so loud i think i may have been
hanging over it and I breathe through my
nose I'm sorry sure that sounded lovely
too how can I live here I love it so I
mean that's pretty much it we just we
somehow went on to a shins and other
weird subjects with this but uh that's
alone the fact of the matter is my voice
is deeper than yours is it all the steps
you want it to be but I can make it
probably deeper I do a voice for this
though yeah but it's really been you
know let's just do the misty mountains
together right now it's not that I was I
was literally about to do it but so yeah
suggestions think ideas it's not going
to impact the schedule that's already
set in place which is gonna be any
schedule with me though not with you now
video will appear like one to reach be
like three years hey everybody its
there's a shit gameplay was slightly
olympics every four years there might be
a video and it like that anybody might
be okay might be interesting a record
might get broken but sometimes it just
won't it might accidentally be in
Reverse or something like that and the
Chinese will do a far better than
everybody else did so so job damn job
damp by infringed upon human rights so
leave your suggestions and
things for what you want Reuben to do
you still again in the comments below
please bear in mind that could be worse
could be James could be it could be
James that is she's gonna be here he's
gonna be here any minute now in our in
our time honey with homers Oh in our UK
special time it's good gmt gmt greenwich
mean time co anytime that matters to me
so whatever just leave what you want
might happen might not and just click my
wrist and take your wrist into the mic i
think that's about time to fucking end a
now let me just open my ipad if it will
do the thing so i can remember the end
bit so as always thanks for watching or
comments and ratings are very much
appreciated and leave suggestions for
future jobs as a cynical attitude is
very upsetting to me i'll see you next
time bye these things have their place
but nollie the FPS has really risen to
be one of the most popular and widely
accessible to style of game and one just
gets and understand them they're so easy
and sort of mindless to play a lot of
the time so do i think they'll ever die
I don't think so what I like them to die
well yes or no I don't want them to die
maybe two maybe for cod2 just sort of
burnout with my map because then
everyone would stop copying it may be
new ideas will come to the top me